Update workbench lesson template links (#1721)
carpentries/instructor-training: episodes/15-carpentries.md

Maybe this instructor training has inspired you to go home and write your
own fantastic lesson!  If you would like to model it after the Software, Data and
Library Carpentry lesson format, you can find two Workbench lesson templates available:

- [Markdown](template-md): this template is suitable for lessons that serve static content
- [RMarkdown](template-rmd): this template is suitable for lessons that include executable R code

Any lesson that uses The Carpentries lesson templates follows our [Code of Conduct][coc], 
and is licensed either [CC-BY][cc-by] or [CC-0][cc-0] can be hosted in [The Carpentries Incubator][carpentries-incubator].

[The Collaborative Lesson Development Training curriculum][cld] provides a guide to
the backward design approach we recommend for lesson development. This curriculum is part of our official

> teaching offerings, and please contact The Carpentries if you are interested in taking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
teaching offerings; please contact [The Carpentries](mailto:team@carpentries.org) if you are interested in taking
```
